[cackles]
My darkness will swallow the
world, just you wait and see!
You think I'll lose to you?
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!
Roger's treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of the
Four Emperors of the New World,
the Straw Hats form
an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in
the kingdom of Dressrosa.
Hoping to create a distraction,
they arrange a trade
with the country's
king, Doflamingo.
But after Zoro's
sword is stolen,
the crew becomes hopelessly
separated in the vast city.
When Luffy finds out that Ace's
Flame Flame Fruit is the prize
in a gladiator tournament
at the Corrida Colosseum,
he decides to enter
and win it for himself.
But it turns out that
some of the world's most
ferocious fighters had
the exact same idea.
Ah! You over there.
[LUFFY]
Huh?
Nice ensemble.
[CAVENDISH]
Alas, there is a weight limit
for gear, I'm afraid.
A limit? Well that kinda sucks.
[CAVENDISH] All the weapons
and armor in the world
won't help you.
There's only one who deserves
the Flame Flame Fruit.
Me!
Such beautiful power
is wasted on you.
It's only fit for someone
equally as stunning!
[CAVENDISH] My name's Cavendish,
and the pleasure's all yours.
I'm sure that you
already knew who I am.
After all, everyone's heard of
the gallant noble pirate.
Fame comes with these looks.
Look at that hair!
Seeing him in person
is way too much for me!
[ATTENDANT B]
My heart! It wasn't ready!
It wasn't ready!
[chuckles] It's almost sinful,
but I can't really help
being this beautiful, can I?
Like this radiant rose,
my perfection is
a universal truth.
A masterpiece of nature.
I've been given everything
throughout my life.
Handed to me
on a silver platter.
I've had no desire to eat
a Devil Fruit until now.
Why would I need one
when I've managed to come
this far without even trying?
My looks have done it for me.
[JUDGE A]
You're over the weight limit.
Aww!
I told you that earlier!
Get back here!
Ugh. But I look
so cool like this.
Is that why everyone's
runnin' around half-naked?
[CROWD cheering]
Man, they're pretty worked up!
Do you know what inspires
such rabid excitement
within them? It's simple.
[CAVENDISH]
They want blood.
And gladiators are nothing
more than a delivery system.
It's the blood of the loser.
That is what they thirst for.
This colosseum.
It extracts the truth.
Strips man down to his
most authentic nature.
These people bottle up
their frustrations,
their fear, their anger.
They force their primal,
bestial urges deep inside.
But here, they're free to
let it tear out of them.
They don't want a protracted
match between sword and armor.
This competition's more
than just a show for them.
It's a release.
[LUFFY] I don't hafta
take off the cape, right?
It looks so awesome on me.
Hey, you.
[LUFFY]
Hm?
[CAVENDISH]
I saw you earlier.
Watched you crush
that giant brute.
Made me wonder who you are.
Me? Luffy.
[COMPETITORS]
What?
No!
And I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!
It says your name's Lucy!
Uh, yeah, Lucy.
Learn how to annunciate
better, ya damn dolt!
So, you're Lucy.
[COMPETITOR U]
I almost crapped myself
thinkin' Straw Hat was here.
[COMPETITOR V]
Who, that little shrimp?
I heard the real Luffy's
over twenty feet tall.
This shield is awesome!
[CAVENDISH]
Lucky thing you're not him.
Because if you were
the real Straw Hat Luffy,
I woundn't wait for the ring.
I'd kill you now.
Huh? And why's that?
It's been three years since I
first arrived in the New World.
[CAVENDISH] The entire globe
was entranced by the story of
the beautiful rookie with a 200
million bounty on his head.
I made the front
page news every day.
Young women went nuts
over my wanted posters
and they became
a collector's item.
They ripped them from
the walls of every town
so they could hang
them in their bedrooms.
[CAVENDISH] The world fell head
over in heels in love with me.
"There's the shining star!"
"Who? You mean me?"
"Well, who else?" [chuckles]
"Oh, gallant Cavendish,
please look my way!"
"Don't worry.
I will always be looking at you
in your dreams, my dear."
[chuckles]
But then, a single
freaking year later...
All anyone wanted to talk about
was the stupid war
in Marineford!
Whitebeard stole
the spotlight from me,
and Straw Hat Luffy stepped
into it right next to him!
And on top of that,
adeluge of new rookies
kept pouring in!
Earning themselves the mantle
of the Worst Generation
and abducting the
public's imagination!
The journalists practically
forgot that I even existed!
And that's why
I'm gonna kill them!
These unworthy usurpers!
They will die!
I think you've got other
problems to work on, dude.
Say what you like.
To recapture the public
adoration I deserve,
I will do anything it takes,
and kill every rookie there is!
The first step is
winning today's prize,
the Flame Flame Fruit. See?
Now you're qualified.
[LUFFY]
Awesome!
No one will ever ignore me
again after I have won this!
Bastards! The entire world
will have to acknowledge me
when I roast it in my flames!
[COMPETITOR G]
You competin', doll face?
You ain't gonna last
but ya sure are cute.
[COMPETITOR J whistles]
[COMPETITOR W ]
Damn, talk about stuck up.
[COMPETITOR X]
Hey, you don't wanna
mess with her too much, man.
[COMPETITOR Y]
Why the hell not?
[COMPETITOR X]
What, you really don't know?
[gasps]
[LUFFY]
Aww. Well that's kinda funny.
I wound up wearing
the same fighting costume
as this old guy.
[REBECCA]
Are you you interested in him?
[LUFFY]
Huh? Who're you?
[REBECCA] I'm Rebecca.
A gladiator here.
You made a fool of Spartan.
I hate that guy.
Thanks for that.
Eh, that jerk was askin' for it.
This statue before you.
This man was a legend.
[LUFFY] Whoa, really?
The giant old dude?
He was the greatest gladiator
in the whole history
of the Corrida Colosseum. Kyros.
He fought three thousand matches
and claimed three
thousand victories.
The only wound he ever suffered
in combat was a single slash.
[LUFFY]
Wow! Tough!
[REBECCA]
He was still fighting here
until just 20 years ago.
Even so, he is unknown
to this country.
No one remembers a thing.
Huh? What do you mean?
[REBECCA] None of the elders
or even the gladiators.
No one recalls having met him.
It's the most mysterious
statue in Dressrosa.
He might not have existed
for all we know.
Someone could've
just made him up.
On top of that, who knows how
long this statue has been here.
All that we really
know of the man
is what someone engraved
on this placard here.
Even though we don't
know who he is,
nobody wants to
remove the statue.
Another mystery.
[LUFFY] Hmm. Yeah, that's
some pretty weird stuff,
but I gotta admit,
it does look cool.
And super manly!
Yeah, I like it, too.
[COMPETITOR K] Well, if it isn't
Rebecca, the great warrior!
[COMPETITORS chuckle]
You think you can keep that
win record going out there?
I bet you're happy, huh?
About Spartan.
Your bully really got
his ass kicked, didn't he?
[COMPETITORS laugh]
All right, knock it off,
ya idiot. Let's go.
I'll see ya later.
Everyone's lookin' forward to
watchin' you go down today.
[COMPETITORS laughing]
What's up with them?
[REBECCA]
Pay them no mind.
No more.
[REBECCA inhales, exhales]
Today will be my
final battle here.
I will take the Devil Fruit
prize for my own and end this.
I will kill... Doflamingo!
[LUFFY gasps]
Mingo?
[REBECCA]
What block are you in?
[LUFFY]
C.
[REBECCA]
That's good. I'm in D.
I'll cross my fingers for us.
I hope we both survive
the first round.
Bye, Lucy.
[COMPETITORS groan]
It's insane.
This guy is too fierce.
[BURGESS]
Happy Store!
The titan in the paper mask,
known only as Mister Store,
is a monster!
Is it even possible for
this man to be defeated?
[COMPETITOR P] Hey! Block A's
got one helluva beast in it!
Huh? What beast? Who is he?
I'm not dyin' in this ring!
I'm walkin' out a winner!
[GYATS] Good luck
getting outta that one!
[COMPETITORS yell]
[COMPETITOR R yells]
[BURGESS grunts]
[COMPETITORS gasp]
[BURGESS]
Happy Store!
Uh, we have the
champion of Block A!
The masked man takes
it all! Mr. Store!
[CROWD cheers]
[GYATS] He ended the fight
in a mere moment!
I do believe that the Colosseum
has found a new hero!
[GYATS gasps]
Hang on!
It looks as though the mystery
man is about to remove his mask!
Is this happening?
The mask is off!
[CROWD cheers]
[GYATS]
What?!
[CROWD gasps]
Hey, isn't that...
I see! It seems our
mystery man is a fighter
famous across the whole world!
What a stunning opening
and an unexpected victor!
The winner of the Block A
battle royale is...
[gasps] That guy?
[GYATS]
And the victor of Block A is...
The first division
captain serving under
the fearsome warlord, Emperor
Blackbeard. Jesus Burgess!
[cackles]
[CROWD screams]
It's him! That champion
guy I saw way back!
[BURGESS] I'm the greatest
fighting champion in the world!
[BURGESS cackles]
He's with the
Blackbeard Pirates!
What the hell are those guys
doin' competitin' in this fight?
[GYATS] I am still reeling
from the surprise, folks!
But now we know why
the mysterious masked man
was such a formidable opponent!
I know who I'm rootin' for!
Show 'em how it's done, Burgess!
[CROWD]
Burgess! Burgess! Burgess!
Burgess! Burgess!
[FRANKY] So the Blackbeard
Pirates are in the mix.
I just expected Luffy
to win this tournament
pretty easily, but now...
Well, that might
not be the case.
Here's hopin' he doesn't
reveal himself somehow.
Well. I've got a job. So.
[TOY SOLDIER]
Hey! Not so fast!
Allow me to join you, sir!
[FRANKY]
What? Get offa me.
[TOY SOLDIER]
We should speak first!
Look, buddy, I don't have time
to waste yakkin', all right?
[TOY SOLDIER]
Please wait!
Quit it, you damn fool!
Enough already!
If you don't know where
I can find the factory,
then you're worthless to me!
I've gotta find
a high-ranking big shot
in the Don Quixote Family,
and beat the location
outta him! So you--
--[TOY SOLDIER] Be quiet!
--Why should I?
[TOY SOLDIER] They're looking.
They're watching.
We need to leave!
You can't voice such radical
views in a place like this!
All right, come clean.
Who the hell are you?
[GYATS]
Medics! The injured of Block A
are badly in need
of your service!
So, Hajrudin the
Pirate Mercenary.
And Cavendish!
And Gambia the Missionary?
[WOMAN B]
Let's get outta here.
[MAN F]
If you say so.
I don't get what the
big rush is about though.
Yeah. It's a pretty
bad batch, all right.
[MARINE A] It'll be big
trouble if one of these guys
wins the Flame Flame Fruit.
[MAYNARD] Burgess shocked
the hell outta me, too.
[MARINE A] Same here.
I'll talk to Issho right away.
[MAYNARD]
You do that.
[GAMBIA]
What's all this about?
Wha'cha doin', buddy?
Talkin to yourself?
[GAMBIA]
Now hang on.
You ain't communicatin' with
someone on the
outside, are ya pal?
'Cuz that would be fishy!
[laughs]
[GAMBIA]
I'm right, aren't I?
And hey, what's that
you're writin' down there?
I heard ya whisperin'
out the names
of the hottest pirates around.
Gambia? The Missionary?
Right here! That's me!
So what exactly are you up to?
[laughs] Can't say?
[laughs]
Lemme take a guess here.
You're not with the Nav--[gasps]
Uh, sir? Are you still there?
Is everything all right?
Everything's fine.
Gimme ten and
I'll call you back.
Yes, sir, roger that.
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL A]
Cu-lick.
[MAYNARD]
Keep that nose outta my business
or you're gonna lose it.
[GAMBIA]
Whatever you say!
[MAYNARD] All right, Gambia
The Missionary. Walk away.
[MAYNARD]
Bastard!
[screams]
[COMPETITOR Z]
Help me!
Don't let that monster
kill me, please!
[MEDIC A] Pull it together.
The fight's over! You're okay!
[GYATS] The Colosseum
is still thundering
from the excitement
of Block A! And Block B.
You've got one helluva
show to live up to,
so I hope you bring the pain!
[FUJITORA] Time to make an exit.
I've heard enough.
Plenty of familiar names
to sound the alarm.
[MARINE A] What's our next
plan of action, sir?
Oh. Here's your coat.
[LITTLE GIRL A gasps]
[gasps]
[FUJITORA] Here you go.
No reason to cry, now.
[LITTLE GIRL A] Uh-huh!
Thank you so much, mister!
[FUJITORA] Of course,
I'm glad I could help.
[LITTLE GIRL A giggles]
Uh, Issho, sir.
I have your coat here.
Ah. Thank you.
Shall we continue?
[FUJITORA]
As a measure of safety,
we should send for no less
than three Navy ships.
In the meanwhile,
you and I, we'll head for...
What was it called again?
[MARINE A]
Do you mean Green Bit?
[FUJITORA] That's it.
We'll make our way there.
And let's see. We'll need...
Well, call for as many medics
as you possibly can.
There is the chance
of civilian injuries.
Right. Yes, sir.
[FUJITORA]
On the side of intel,
I want a head count of
all the people in the stands,
and the exact
population of this town.
Wait. You want this
instead of the enemy numbers?
Is it that necessary?
[FUJITORA]
The enemy you said?
No, that's not the
number to worry about.
We should only be concerned with
the number of lives
we need to protect first.
[gasps]
Yes, sir!
Calling all Marines
in Dressrosa!
We're relocating our
forces to Green Bit!
Rendezvous in front
of the Colosseum!
Under command of the Admiral,
we're moving forward!
The plan is in action!
[MAYNARD]
This is Maynard calling back.
Sorry for disconnecting earlier.
There's nothing
to worry about here.
Oh, a name I mentioned,
Gambia the Missionary,
the one working for Bartolomeo.
Go ahead and cross his name off.
I had the wrong guy.
Dammit. Navy bastard.
The plan is still on track.
So I'm gonna
keep moving forward.
The infirmary's down the hall!
We're low on stretchers,
so walk if ya can!
These dudes are a mess.
The champ really got 'em.
[BELLAMY chuckles]
[BELLAMY]
Hey.
[LUFFY]
Huh?
Nice get up, but do ya
think I'm blind?
I don't care how good
the disguise is,
when it comes to
the guy who managed to
swerve my career
into the skids...
...I'm gonna know his face.
[LUFFY gasps]
It's you?
[NARRATOR]
As the competitors are revealed,
Luffy comes face-to-face
with yet another opponent
who hopes to win
the Flame Flame Fruit.
And his ambitions are every bit
as wild and selfish as the rest.
Surprisingly, this
all-too-familiar foe is someone
Luffy already battled during
his time in Mock Town!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"The Fateful Reunion!
Bellamy the Hyena!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!